delivery is quick every minute counts
mother and calf must form a lasting bond
based on smell taste and sight it's this
relationship that will sustain them on
the long journey that lies ahead
[Music]
this is his most vulnerable time
hyenas they may commute the distance of
two marathons to get here but for such
easy pickings the rewards
[Music]
vulnerable newborns
but just for they're looking for other
antelopes hide their young away but
wildebeest calves must be ready to
follow their mother from birth he has
just minutes to find his feet
[Music]
hyenas prefer the easy option and prey
doesn't come much easier than this
[Music]
to survive the calf must master in
minutes what a human baby takes a year
to learn
[Music]
Karina's separate as they move through
the herds in this way they cover more
ground
they hunts with both sight and sense of
smell
[Music]
learns to use his legs faster than any
other mammal he's up and walking in
under 4 minutes
it's not a moment too soon he faces his
first Hedley challenge
[Music]
he's already proving his strength few
cars can outrun a hyena on their first
day